what's up everyone drew here we have a
city a tweeker view and this one's on
fun board and he finds one inside Cydia
store for dollar 99 and what this people
do so simply give you the option to have
a whole bunch of animations on your iOS
devices springboard so let's go ahead
and check this tweak out so whenever you
leave Cydia you guys can see that our
dock and our springboard is completely
changed so our springboard is spinning
around and our dock is jittering that's
basically what this week does is it
simply lets you change the feel of your
iOS devices springboard so you do get a
say in step with this so let's open up
settings Simba scroll down so you find
fun board now inside of here you guys
can see we do have an on and off button
when you have an icons list then we have
icon then we have dark dots wallpapers
and then you have other where you can
even hide the icon to make it a shortcut
to the settings application so if we go
into the icon list and then here we have
the actual effects - you see we have our
set to 360 rotation right now so these
we can have this - like a different
rotation so let's do page curl and you
guys can see it kind of gives it a page
curl but it gets kind of messed up
sometimes so do keep that in mind
something that we have Ripple so those
ripple go back into the settings
application and let's try the actual
icons so let's go to flip from left you
guys can see that
and let's try the dock effect so let's
change up the dock so let's have the see
360 rotation turn the dock up a little
bit and there we go you guys can see the
dock spinning around 360 looks very nice
and we have the wallpaper effect we
could be a page curl
very nice and ripple and if we go down
to other basically turn that on what
that does is it just brings the actual
fun board application to your iOS device
and basically just telling you this URL
wasn't locked for right now for some
reason and you can see the actual page
effect spinning right there whenever we
swipe so this has been fun board you
guys can follow on in sides to be a
store for a dollar ninety-nine it
doesn't mess up on you sometimes as you
guys seen during the video but other
than that nonetheless it's definitely a
fun tweak to have on your iOS device so
if you guys like this video guy make
sure absque ribe you this video thumbs
up
drop off your comments down below follow
us on facebook and twitter for more
up-to-date news all those links are down
below in the video description until
next video guys so we'll see you guys in
the next one